Update crash handler behavior to opt-in (#484)
awslabs/aws-crt-python: README.md

```
static: certificate has an existing certificate-key pair that was previously imported into the Keychain. Using key from Keychain instead of the one provided.
```

## Crash Handler

> You can enable the crash handler by setting the environment variable `AWS_CRT_ENABLE_CRASH_HANDLER=1`. This will generate crash dumps in the event of a fatal error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable the crash handler by setting the environment variable `AWS_CRT_ENABLE_CRASH_HANDLER=1`. This will print the callstack to `stderr` in the event of a fatal error.
```
